as a fragile ceasefire in Gaza enters
another day
British campaigns to condemn the recent
Israeli raids continue in at least six
British University students have taken
over lecture theatres and are refusing
to move until their demands are met at
King's College London this includes
revoking the honorary Doctorate given to
Israeli President Shimon Peres in
November last year the education
establishments here are basically
complicit in what's happening in Israel
because they're not standing up against
that they're not doing their duty as
education establishments and I think the
the fact that LSE had investments in BAE
meant that it was educating people at
one side of the world and fronting the
blowing of people on the other and we
wanted to make the point that this is
basically hypocritical a lot of people
come up to us and this is one of the
arguments there are so many people dying
in the phones involved but why don't you
why didn't you complain for them and
said and I think the reason that people
ask them this question is not because
they want me to go out there and
campaign for everyone because that's
what I would do if I only they're asking
this question so that I stop complaining
for Gaza and I will not stop I will not
stop standing up for those who have been
of news of these student occupations
have already reached Palestine according
to this Erebus who was in her home just
30 kilometers from Gaza started people
in Gaza told me that now they are trying
to stand up and not not to get the
trying not to stop what they're doing
just for us to continue what we're doing
the student occupations have already
provoked a flurry of debates on campus
keeping the concerns around the
occupation of Palestine well and truly
alive well I speak a week ago and I was
concerned when they came about as people
a lot of violence would be a lot of you
know agitation and I was concerned about
that but it's nice to see that I've come
back here and there's actually
discussions going on just like here
behind us it's really useful
oh yeah fragile ceasefire in Gaza but
this hasn't stopped the student movement
from growing just in the few minutes
we've been here yet another university
has joined the boycott and yet another
lecture theater is going to be occupied
there have been messages of support
pouring in from all over the country
because campaigners who have been
fighting up against injustice for
decades are saying that this is exactly
the kind of movement that eventually
entered the apartheid in South Africa
for an alarm press tv London